What's your birthday.
November 14
to take somebody's birthday in like a month you.
Okay somebody's birthday in like a month. Yeah. Where were you born. I was born.
Naturally, DC, where I have a history of right from like, and like culture wise I have, like people from different places like Italian family behind me.
So tell me a little bit about, like, like, one day I asked my grandma this when I had like long Plex and like I was like seven, and I.
It was that I asked my grandma. How come my hair looks different from everybody else, it was like, because you have different like coach and your family like yeah that's how you behave me and you have like you have like a history of like people will go
Hey.
And so, what neighborhood Do you claim now like
save it. So, where is that 3737 is that northeast ears no we would eat, that's where you live, live close to it, like right down the street.
It does that neighborhood have a name, where is it.
Okay. Well, Some people call it the.
The Yo, yo. Yeah, what does that mean, this is the year. That's what I mean. Teresa.
You know,
they will. Davis came up with the name the year because.
Okay, so you lived in DC Ariela game, but I've been to different places where some other places you may like I've been floor, have been the Bahamas.
I've been a Mexico.
I've been in New York, cuz you didn't live there right now, you just visited. Yeah. Okay.
Tell me about What school did you go to.
Well, first, Elementary School was.
And it was right down here. And then like my other schools, right. And then I started to go to different schools like that was like the start of my middle school, and I met a lot of friends day I stayed until like fifth grade, and then I went to this
school called the NASA I stayed until I agree, because they can't have NASA Now I'm in library I go to
school right before school. Are you excited again I didn't hear today.
So they close the night they close the high school part out. Yeah, so let's just stop the eighth grade now, they closed the whole school, stop they agree they just stopped the eighth grade okay and which one, the one okay we're here.
Do you work. No, I'm what I'm getting I'm getting a summer job next summer. What you want to do. I don't know, I think on my work I do Boys and Girls Club.
Okay, that's a good place to start.
You don't do it that way.
Yeah. But that's how my friend said they had some problem with their money but anyway money up front, okay cuz you know that's not how it works right.
Okay. Good. I'm glad as long as you notice that you get your body ready to be good.
Where was your father born, you know, not really. Not really. What about your mom. My mom she was born, basically like DC where she grew up and
trying to.
What does your mom do.
My mom she works.
So like if I'm not fit I will she knows to do.
Are you going to sit in the room with us. No, no I'm just asking so I have no doubt just make a note of it. Okay.
If that's the case, we might need you to pull up a chair mike mike you.
Okay, great.
It's not like
most of the talking but if you want to chime in.
You might want, he might want to add, you might want to add some details that all right. Okay.
So tell me about the first house you remember living in the first house I love your neighborhood, my, my first house ever lived in this house that we lived on Thursday.
And like that was the first home that I felt like I was like, I grew up, like when I was a towel. That's why I grew up in.
Hi, how are you, I'm fine. How are you,
so Okay, tell me about the house, what you remember, I remember when I was a child, and I like doing different things in the house like my mom and my grandmother used to tell me things to get I used to walk around the house without turning out one night,
and go downstairs today room and lay with them.
Do you remember that. Do you remember how it was laid out rooms like what can we see, I haven't gotten home cuz I slow Mama.
She had. She won't even a man Okay.
Tell me Hey, how many so it was my level.
My grandma.
It was it now in a basement and then we had.
And then we had like it was like this extra money for this house. it was basically.
Okay, and so do you remember playing outside you play in the house. Do you have like a big TV Did you watch TV, yeah watch TV and I, I used to play outside like only in a winter winter Congress, one winter.
I was like, some habits and a grace and like it was frozen to a block. And that's why I went outside and I got slammed on it.
So you just like us the heel to be as live. Okay. Okay.
What about summertime, summertime.
I usually usually might just go to the pool I go to a hotel.
What you mean you just went to a hotel to hotel.
So I think some of that has to do with the fact that in our neighborhood.
It was no kids. So it was more like to retire older people that have some money. And so it was no kids that are neighbors quiet or you go outside you pay a pin drop and so it wasn't a case for him to play with, essentially.
And so, in order for him to have fun. My mom was just taking them to a different hotel so those lemons for movies and stuff like, okay, they were no neighborhood swimming pools are no neighborhood, recreation centers, it was but at that's have gone up
So, okay.
Then, tell me about.
I want you to tell me about like what you like your parents, your mom, your grandma your grandpa like growing up like how do you remember that dynamic. But what's your fondest memory of your laughing so something popped into your mind.
Right.
It was funny in that house like it was so funny like every day was like, I was like, my grandma used to argue Monday. Know migrated into the new flooring.
And then my mother used to argue my grandmother. And he, he, like everything was is fighting me.
My granddad, he was fighting is what he died.
I used to be in a house laminar flow.
It was so funny.
Listen things that he did.
Crispy without it was so funny.
I knew him he was to me Jonah No, it was fine.
We used to tell jokes and layer
where you really close to your grandpa. Very, very polite, if I got in trouble. Hey, go for now rather dad. That was your router that, yeah.
So, what do you, what did you most like, because I know he passed. So what do you remember about him most like I know he was funny but what do you personally remember about him like he was like one of my first father because my father wasn't around a
lot when I was like, eight.
And so okay.
And what do you what lesson did he leave like what do you feel like he taught you as a man as a you know as a young man. He taught me how like to like.
He told me like how to grow up to be a man like he taught me like, how to do certain things like he taught me how to ride a bike.
Like, he didn't do it around like he had my level on gramma method.
And like, it was just like he didn't do it alone.
He always had a team that had his back.
he was a family man so everything will expand.
We are really close knit.
Yeah, yeah.
But it will be just our household so I Vidya house well I mean we have a high schools and cousins, but within our house by very close, very close.
So, let me ask you this.
Have you gone back to that house. I mean like I path, but like I never just like stopped at it and just looked at it and like, it'll pop back memories but like every time I read page.
I like had like a flashback of me playing in the backyard.
Okay. And when you say
you just have flashbacks but you never stopped by the house does the neighborhood still look the same. Do you think it's changed based on like when you were I mean, maybe what a few years ago.
I remember saying look the same, the house look the same. On the outside to put the answer.
Totally different they remodeled, and they're like crazy. It's crazy. Alright so let's talk a little bit about your relationship with your sister.
Okay, and we'll get you out of here in a few minutes.
So I know how old how many years are you guys apart.
I'm seeing 25.
That's it. I was that too, but almost 1114 let's make sure we say that. Yeah, that's right.
One on 14 glow day.
So tell me about growing up with a sister who was 12 years older than you.
That takes me back.
Okay, let's go back.
When I was little, my sister.
She used to irked me about anything.
She did I have everything prepared for some, like save like we'd be going out. Make sure you get everything ready, the day before that, in the nighttime lab.
That's not later.
She's gone call it out one elementary school.
Yes, she did. She took me right down the street and just say he's going to go here right now.
And that's I was like, Oh man.
That's why she wishes.
She was right there with my we've closed.
Before like she was your second mom, my partner in crime.
But I was your partner in crime, yes I mean, I when I got in trouble for students that they used to do in school.
So you could have an explanation for Donald Trump.
Do you agree.
She came I told me she could go back until the last
term.
Okay. Oh, tell me, man. Thank you, Grandma, I didn't get to that part.
So, sometimes I had a lot, so like I was the Master Hand go see when I was little, because I was like, I was like, skinny and bony.
So one day I feel like doing some to my grandma, she get them looking for him.
So, I want to be like Spider Man, that was my.
That was like my childhood cartoon character he's my favorite.
So, I climbed up the wall and I got on the ceiling, so they won't.
They walk past me like seven times in a row, I'm pretty sure I think my mom song but I think she may say no but she really didn't say, so I have to harness it, they won't pay me like six times so I thought it was funny so I said on the wall.
Now as I want to see it. Then asthma grandma has one more time, I say grandma, she said, when I was like, I want to say like she was like, she was like, No, no, I was like, look up, she saw he saw, right.
to do it so we don't have like the.
I want to say the regular.
We will play.
Even if my mom didn't play. It was me, my brother, my grandma my grandma.
Even if the kids wasn't in the house my grandma and grandpa would play hide and seek with the chat and I we could be upstairs and downstairs is like a larger like the daughter larger like they had all the lock and doors like that was there like that was
just them like no kids in the house.
And we will eventually chime in. But that's just how I was like my house,
my feet, my hands.
Spider Man style.
Like Cody
and daylight. It was funny because I remember like when I used to have gone with, like the larger like she, she told me sit in the back end Romy down the steps that needs to be fun.
I used to. It used to be like a roller coaster. It was so funny.
And I went, as a child.
I had previous experience. I filled out like 20 steps. And I got up and walked off like nothing happened. I was like, man, I can't do it for all this stuff and I'm not car.
It was so funny. Do you think you were spoiled.
Yes, I was very by my grandma. Grandma, she stood news for you.
I'm a grandma Boy, you are. Yeah, lemme Grandma.
Grandma, do all right here.
Hello.
You have a custom yet.
me and my sister.
So,
because it's so interesting to hear.
So, say here. Tell me to hear you tell it so
let's talk about going to school what you remember about school.
I know they got you out of a lot of trouble she would always have an explanation when you got into school.
MIT for public
schools crazy, like I dumps out I used to like do stuff that I normally do for now. And I think back I'm like, with the point of doing it, like, one day, they call my mobile.
Now, they call my sister to call myself a little Commonwealth.
So, come on.
set out. And that's where our division level partner right now.
Now, like I agree, like managing my grandma.
Every time I just again show.
That's the one I used to call, like, save like I guess into the office we're talking too much. They're coming at some common ground. And then sometimes there's a one time I want, Grandma told me the banner call my phone.
So that's what I do.
I went to bathroom before I went to the office, turn my phone Oh, they call me. And that's when I left a voicemail like I called Emma.
Emma says she.
I have to come up to us to give me like 30 minute Lexus
about stats I would be like.
You can't be doing that dumb stuff school like it's dumb it's pointless like why are you doing this, or will your sister had to be the one that ball field trips which you could you could have an adult.
And I was probably just 21 I said Little all his field truth
was your favorite field trip but just.
So we went to Christmas.
So, this like several a high, angry, so we go down, we went on crystal.
Max, I'm staying around.
I'll dance.
All girls conductivity so you know that she got May I had their face when I was like,
I was like, Yes. Thank you very much.
It was just like, yeah.
So let's talk about, because I know you do a lot of you dance. Yes.
How did you get into dancing.
Oh man, this funny story.
So, when I was little.
So I saw the video TV drama.
This new song Michael Jackson came out.
It came out when I was there I was like dying.
A, that's a good song of ID. The National that I gotta watch movies.
Like I every anniversary used to hair. I used to be in a party and and that's what my grandmother used to be that I could do it.
I don't know why he's so special to everybody knows when people could do the same stuff done so I was like, sure that as we go so he does want anniversary.
So, I'm beating, and that's why he didn't moved and that's what I was like, I hate to do that. I can do it too. So I didn't move work for couple of for couple of weeks, and I got it down, then yeah, and then.
Mommy got to the way the micro death.
And the whole family would be in the living world doing Michael Jackson, I used to be all invented the only person to ever be me was like MA in se Yama Yama. So how did you start dancing for whiskey.
Oh, yes.
So one day. Mom have a car Oh no, I was in the house.
When I'm gone.
I so Bronco in her car.
She said she talks a little girlfriend she like she wants you to death for which is awesome.
so grounded, looking around, seeing some new faces. See market, get it's all in her.
And that's why all these little girls on the same Tomas on a live with us I was like man in my first day I finagle know why you're like, wait.
So come on back.
Why, the last time I get a customary why, and why we get the, we get the target conversation, we were getting in like we've Dyson, and they're like, I'm like the team can like I'm funniest person, and then like my coach, collect my phone call, we live
together.
together. Because I am blessed.
And that's why I just started a show like. Anyway, you can see me.
Hello, been dancing with the, like, 4233 years this year last year, dh and our grown man.
All right.
Oh, the same team or mean the same like squad or is it a different do you have to do two separate you gotta you gotta audition because like, if you all whizzes, you automatically go to whiskey so they not don't auditions for the mistakes.
If you didn't do whiskey so right.
So if you can get whiskies you got two years. All right.
But then addition to the missus what else he good to do to take it to be a part of the audition a trial process what was the girls like to close get the pic like the top yeses, to be a part of that process, and sometimes they try, you know sometimes we
had danced at the house, and then I every time I every time I go, so like I'm basically MVP, so I VIP section, only for me.
Most Bible Player
team captain so now. Okay, so how did you get to.
So one day come from school comes.
This new place called the Brit.
I'm like, okay, and I'm supposed to be in it. She was like yeah she needs to come down here it looks fine.
Really, really. Yes.
Good. I'm like,
Okay, see, see some good stuff in here. we're gonna see the gym, run any ball and out.
So ever since like their mom, right. I felt it I would, but I.
As the years went by, they started upgrade.
They got some new stuff, they found out the future exists.
And what
was part of the future, computers, like crazy like they used to had a little desktop, click the mouse, not a touchscreen anything.
They have they upgraded the game.
The game is on like the flow, or they will create a footprint maxing it from like people stepping on the Natalie.
Scott marks and all that. Definitely upgraded paint a room all white by a little bit. I was like, Okay, the last one, the gym, the gym in the same ever since and I still like it because like I get to do what I like to do, I like to play basketball, I
ball out, I'm a young ball. Do you like basketball Do you watch basketball, very much, was your favorite thing.
Katie is like my I liked, like it was a song that I heard and it was like cats and dogs shoot like Kate and that's all like, Oh, that's why that's kinda, but I hate like okay like one of my first player that ever like.
Katie come to DC and watch her now, because it was really big.
Cuz I like it.
So, so, besides the sport and future upgrades to do anything any programs that you like.
I really like passport to manhood. And then like last year I did towards color, and like, I want to eat club president, and then like, this is a good fit, because like that was my.
That was like my second appreciate it and like, I went to school president and then like.
It was just crazy. And then I like passport the matter. And then what else
because I password America, it's hard to like it tells you like neither.
I do too much like don't claim know who's like that and then like, cuz like that results that's like gang beef, that's why.
Just don't claim that stuff and that's why it's just like taught you how to be a man, even, like, mentally.
And what about twice per cluster we just thought we had a really, it was a it was a leadership program so like I learned how to be a little dance Oscar.
Sorry You know I like it was just crazy. So you in Keystone. Yeah.
For our camera for office.
Wanna come in, I agree.
I'm sorry. Next year, Next Year is coming.
And maybe we'll have better computers by the end.
Yeah, Yeah, that probably won't get smartphones, smartphones.
My guest Mark was very by the whole club.
I mean Bono one more day me. Maybe I'll do enough programs that I get that money yeah you're gonna get that smart. So how should I have okay so now if you ran a, we need.
So rather have like a Margot Margot sell some stuff like I'm gonna go sell like some cookies to cupcakes, school supplies, different stuff. Hey files, and will make them money we need.
Yeah. So what are we going to get the money to buy the stuff to buy this to go make the money, which means we're gonna get the money to go buy school supplies to go sell a man like you could use an old school supply like just wash it up making bread Oh,
you take a shopping mall, make a shopping.
Tickle already raised it.
Go buy a new one.
Okay.
Who do you hang around with your friends.
Hey, we're so many I can't say okay so let's talk about your school.
Moscow, every class is funny. I like, I like all my teachers, except one. She
can tell me about my teachers are my friend. I will let me hear about it. So, my music teacher. He my friend.
Let me hear about it. So, my music teacher. He my friend. He like Chris Brown, we there be fine. He grew up like this that like the stuff that the music really teach like it's like, it was born like like this whole like this whole time that I we've been in school, we must all my
opera.
Like, I don't even know that much about Allah knows that they sing like they sing Hallo, like, like we learned about like sonata form, like the overture and all that, and then like, it's just crazy.
My friends like we just be laughing like we have a ball in every class, and then like we still get our work done like this week, or this week we did a PowerPoint on like, how to make your own planet and tonight.
I reached up a website like the how to make your own planet so like that so that day.
You created that or you know, I looked it up I was like, how to create a family and that's why I just found it. And so I got the making my plan my plan look sweet.
It's called Fire.
Fire.
Fire is very hot.
Okay, and only on my planet.
Or you got some place I detail ah yeah Sioux City, you know i everywhere you go. This is like this new low events that they may is I, it's called the Segway. So you step on a roll around, or you buy a right got one for the sale.
Mi planet we create them.
They come in all different colors they come and go read green, black, white, even purple.
So now tell me about your friends and if they're gonna be able to play me. I mean, my friend they complain like is whatever commodity jack saves up to me, so that we are
so many I can't name. What are your friends from school, tell me about what you do like how do you know like y'all doing things together, do like sometimes like at the school like we're go to AAA together like we had lunch together like we're just like
what us, it's just like, it's whatever and then like it says the Moscow is like, it's crazy because like other schools don't like us like like my dt, always charge them for so like if they charge us We won't come back with like some but like we won't
get some money back so like, like say if one person gets defined in like a huge jump to jump in. We got each other back like this is that it's a system where like we work together.
Yes, very. Because I, I, I have an obligation, and the job. There's one more thing.
So I was walking Easter Molly was boy, he was like, he was like, use your second death as I can prove, and that's why he dropped his stuff into our master kind of scoring up.
And that's where we get the fine, I dropped him. And that's why he did the walking on a new drug.
That's my house.
She's like, yeah.
Okay, what about your friends, your friends at school y'all got each other's back yes we got everybody got pot. So, kind of everybody.
Y'all against. I mean I we not against black won't even do nothing like we just get out of school in 88 Nate is up there ready to fight some I
imagine
for 20 fair, so they have had to come to school,
or your clothes I don't know where the schools are located down this, they have to try and the best to get the only the only school that I know that might be able to do something like that is like.
And like that's just right down the street and like around the corner like that so we have to
make a point to come over and say, Look, we're gonna be okay. Now what about your friends at
Leavey heaven Obama like, it's like those, those my ball and people like if I like. But like I said yesterday, like I said yesterday, like those my people did like I would say anywhere like say like you want you want to do some Kumbaya been going been
go in, we can go down to it, like my people that I like the ball with like the boys I we bought, we bought all bought together and then I we know each other skill level, like this Burning Man he suede his stuff but I've been on my dev it's a nice way
to get the figure from what I was doing my pivot foot when I meet again point, he was mad.
But I get those my ball and people like all my friends around is like boys and they're like, some of the little kids know me from like twice co presidents are like they give me hugs and all that and then I below below QDT cutie so they target Oh cute.
They are small.
Then you have me to have my kneecaps.
Okay.
What about your with your with kids friends, are you do you have friends there is that just your squad, or your clothes. Yeah, everybody know me and like they know black that I don't like to take stuff seriously I like to make stuff like like fun.
Like I can't just sit there and be like, 1234, no, I gotta ask him into, like, I want to like I got it like I got a ton of like, I can just see me to just expected to be born like I'm behind the same time.
And then like this girl.
I go with my girlfriend.
Okay, tell me about the girlfriend, we get we got to talk and like one game cuz I was like that. I like this and that's why I decided to go that's what I like cuz she was like, we should go to Yeah, then that's when we went to go
is a month Monday.
Okay.
Yep. Okay, it will be.
Okay, which I do together.
No comment.
Okay y'all go out like y'all hang out at the movie.
Yeah, go to the shoe store. I mean, one of my girlfriends we did but then like she can't trust nobody
situation.
You just have one girlfriend right or do you have a couple different to.
So what about the other so that they know about each other like.
That's right. So tell me okay that was the first one.
The second
one was also anonymous.
Okay, that's okay well like like we stay on FaceTime and then like really corny type of thing. Yeah. So how do you how do you keep them apart.
Don't keep, they keep you tell the lady going to different schools. That's okay so they don't know.
They don't know each other activities here, one one live in like close to murder, you know one live in DC, and a coffee so okay so they meet each other.
they find out, you might have some people from one thing go Tommy DT let me to most.
Oh, ok.
Ready, but my sister no she come first at all Oh, she a number one.
My grandma, my mom.
They claim the mackerel for us.
Okay, yeah.
Let me ask you about what's your favorite music
rap, and then like dance like my robotic music like, I'm just like, I'm like a human slinky.
I'm a robot myself, what's your favorite artists, is your favorite artists, so I'm a Swami amigos Swabi swipe, swipe. Yeah, like white swipe, swipe be and who mirrors legals by what what they make a lot of songs.
You will hear one single couple words, man.
I was was for song.
What's
up top now.
Oh yeah.
Pirate pirate pirate
pirate pirate rap man.
You just gotta know the worst, like the big time like
okay so swipe be amigos.
You know about Gaga,
which may have some in there and Obama RP recipes.
RP less pizza. How'd you get exposed to go go.
So tell me about it. Tell me about what you think about it, you have a song that you like or even how you remembered him like your first time you heard it.
The first song I heard about her mom, my grandma was blessing.
It was it was me up. Sure. Oh, that was that illness Gaga song I ever heard like I was like, I was like,
Okay,
what about what about any new any new the new music
tzv.
Do you have a favorite song.
XMDXFD.
Okay, grandma know that one. Yeah, okay.
Oh.
this packet for me not just the song but described Go Go music t, is it different than hip hop, I described it is totally given a hip hop hip hop.
I mean, I like the sound of music.
Like, Rhonda, and Jessica somebody.
So what's the difference between Google music and other types of music, because I go on music they talk about like they talk about like the life they've been to, like, hip hop music is some fakes out there, having done nothing like this boy named slim
Jesus he came over this only drill time. So he talked about all these guns, doing drugs and all that. And I had to interview him, and he told my son.
He now with the streets.
Like, why did you make this song you know we don't.
What about Mumbo sauce, like the food, be the only Hebrew my friends.
Don't get on the chicken.
It's messy. It's messy.
What is Mambo sauce.
Does it ready.
Can you describe it. How does it taste sweet little tart.
What's your favorite place to get it from young Korea
is Dan.
Dan.
GEORGE And George is where I'm where those place. They live close the gap is I'm Danny says like it'd be one down about 3030 I think we still Donny, and I like this one piece of Princess called Mario.
Mario best
either after maybe like give me 10 min.